Copyright (c) 2022 Ishikawa Collective.

0. Preamble
Short identifier: ICPSL-1.0

This Licence is designed to provide all software developers a freely, clear and
secure legal framework without too hard restrictions or obligations, especially if
they want to Commercial Use a work under this Licence.

An example form for a notice in the Source Code or in the documentation:
<Name of the Work>
<What does the Work (briefly)>
Copyright (c) <year> <name of authors>.
Copyright (c) <year> <name of the work> contributors (cf. authors/contributors.md)

This Work is under the terms of the IC Permissive Public Licence as published by the
Ishikawa Collective, either version 1.1 of the Licence, or any later version.

This Work comes with absolutely no Warranty, except for Commercial Use.

Licence repository: <https://www.github.com/IshikawaCollective/Public_Repository/Licence/>.
Source Code repository: <https://www.github.com/Repository/>.

1. Definitions
	A.	"The Licence" and "this Licence" refers to version 1.1 of the IC Permissive
		Software Licence.
	
	B.	"Compatible Licence(s)" refers to all licences which are in effect compatible
		with the obligations in this Licence.
		
	C.	"Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of
   		works.
		
	D.	"The Licensor" means the natural or legal person that Distributes or
		Communicates the Work under the Licence.
		
	E.	"The Licensee" and "You" means any natural or legal person who makes any
		usage of the Work under the terms of the Licence, but is not a Customer.
		
	F.	"Customer" means any natural or legal person who buys a work or product from
		the Licensor in exchange for money or equivalent value.
		
	G.	"Contributor(s)" means any natural or legal person who modifies the Work
		under the Licence, or otherwise contributes to the creation of a Derivative
		Work.
		
	H.	"The Original Work" means the work or software or program distributed or
		communicated (first) by the Licensor under this Licence, available as Source
		Code and also as Executable Code as the case may be, including accompanying
		documention, if any.
		
	I.	"Derivated Work(s)" and "Derivative Work(s)" means the work or software or
		program that could be created by the Licensee, based upon the Original Work
		or Modifications thereof.
		
	J.	"The Work" means the Original Work or its Derivative Works.
	
	K.	"The Source Code" means the human-readable form of the Work, which is the
		most convenient form for people to study and modify.
		
	L.	"The Executable Code" means any code which has generally been compiled
		through the Source Code and which is meant to be interpreted by a computer as
		a program.
	
	M.	"Bug(s)" means any form of unintended missbehavior of the Work through
		defects, errors, malfunctions and/or typos in the Source Code of the Work.
		
	N.	"Modification(s)" and to "modify" means any alteration of, including without
		limitation, addition to or deletion from, the substance or structure of the
		Source Code, and includes Derivative Works.
		
		However, the act of including the Work, as a part or as a whole, into another
		work without modifications and making an exakt copy of the Work does not in
		and of itself constitute a modification.
		
	O.	"Copying" and to "copy" means making an exakt copy of the Work.
		
	P.	"Distribution" and "Communication" means any act of selling, giving, lending,
		renting, distributing, communicating, transmitting, or otherwise making
		available, online or offline, copies of the Work or providing access to its
		essential functionalities at the disposal of any other natural or legal
		person, including without limitation, conveyance or transfer of the Work,
		regardless of means, to another.
		
	Q.	"Service Provisioning" and "Serving" means the exchange of a service, in
		connection with the Work, for money or equivalent value, including without
		limitation the charge of a fee or a subscription to maintain the service in a
		commercially form.
		
	R.	"Employment Relationship" means any relationship where natural or legal
		persons working on a work in exchange for money or equivalent value.

2. Scope of the rights granted by the License
	A.	Right to distribute this Licence: Everyone is permitted to copy and
		distribute verbatim copies of this licence document, but changes are only
		allowed as specified by Article 9, Paragraph B.
   		
   	B.	Rights through the Contributor: Each Contributor hereby grants, with respect
   		to its own contribution to the Work, the Licensor a worldwide, royalty-free,
   		non-exclusive, sublicensable licence to do the following, for the duration of
   		Copyright vested in the Original Work:
		- Use the Work in any circumstance and for all usage,
		- reproduce the Work,
		- modify the Work and make Derivative Works based upon the Work,
		- Communication to the public, including the rights to make available or
		  display the Work or copies thereof to the public and perform publicly, as
		  the case may be, the Work,
		- Distribution of the Work or copies thereof,
		- lend and rent the Work or copies thereof,
		- Serving the Executable Code of the Work,
		- sublicense rights in the Work or copies thereof.
		
		Each Contributor grants the Licensor a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free
		patent licence under the Contributor's essential patent claims, to make, use,
		sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise run, modify, distribute and
		communicate the contents of their contributions, especially if they are not
		(already) in an Employment Relationship with each other, depending primarily
		on what the respect laws says, if there is an Employment Relationship.

	C.	Rights through the Licensor: The Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide,
		royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicensable licence to do the following, for
		the duration of Copyright vested in the Original Work:
		- Use the Work in any circumstance and for all usage,
		- reproduce the Work,
		- modify the Work and make Derivative Works based upon the Work,
		- Communication to the public, including the rights to make available or
		  display the Work or copies thereof to the public and perform publicly, as
		  the case may be, the Work,
		- Distribution of the Work or copies thereof,
		- lend and rent the Work or copies thereof,
		- Serving the Executable Code of the Work,
		- sublicense rights in the Work or copies thereof.
		
		The Licensor grants the Licensee royalty-free, non-exclusive usage rights to
		any patents held by the Licensor, to the extent necessary to make use of the
		rights granted on the Work under this Licence.
		
		This also grants the Licensee an explicit protection against possible patent
		rights enforcements through the Licensor and their representatives, if any
		and vice versa, especially in connection with the Source Code of the Work.
		
	D.	Those rights can be exercised on any media, supports and formats, whether now
		known or later invented, as far as the applicable law permits so.
		
	E.	Right of Distribution or Communication any time: The Licensor and Licensee
		may distribute or communicate the Work and/or parts of the Work any time they
		want, except an obligation says otherwise.

3. Obligations of the Licensor
	A.	The Licensor may provide the Work either in its Source Code form, or as
		Executable Code.
		
	B.	If the Work is provided as Executable Code (non-commercially), the Licensor
		provides in addition a machine-readable copy of the Source Code of the Work
		along with each copy of the Work that the Licensor distributes or indicates,
		in a notice following the copyright notice attached to the Work, a repository
		where the Source Code is easily and freely accessible for as long as the
		Licensor continues to distribute or communicate the Work. They also must
		include a copy of this Licence.
		
		If the Work is provided as Executable Code (commercially), the Licensor
		provides in addition, along with each copy of the Work that the Licensor
		distributes or indicates, a notice following the copyright notice attached to
		the Work, a repository where the Source Code of the Original Work is easily
		and freely accessible, if any, for as long as the Licensor continues to
		distribute or communicate the Work. This can also be done in the
		documentation.
		
	C.	If the Licensor switch this Licence to a higher version or updated version,
		they are not allowed to change back to a lower version of this Licence. For
		more see Article 9, Paragraph B.
		
	D.	When the Licensor distribute and/or communicate the Work, the Licensor waive
		any legal power to forbid circumvention of technological measures to the
		extent such circumvention of technological measures to the extent such
		circumvention is effected by exercising rights under this Licence with
		respect to the Work, and the Licensor disclaim any intention to limit
		operation or Modification of the work's users, the Licensee's or third
		parties' legal rights to forbid circumvention of technological measures.
		
	E.	The Licensor is fully responsible for the compatibility of different licences
		side by side. They must ensure that there are no conflicts between those
		licences.

4. Obligations of the Licensee
The grant of the rights mentioned above is subject to some restrictions and
obligations imposed on the Licensee. Those obligations are the following:
		
	i.      Attribution clause: The Licensee shall keep intact all copyright, patent
	        or trademarks notices and all notices that refers to the Licence and to
	        the Disclaimer of Warranties.
				
	        The Licensee must include a copy of such notices and a copy of the
	        Licence with every copy of the Work they distributes or communicates.
	        This can be done in the documentation.
	        
	        The Licensee must cause any Derivative Work to carry prominent notices
	        stating that the Work has been Modified and the date of Modification.
	        This can be done in the Source Code.
		
	ii.     Copyleft clause: If the Licensee distributes or communicates copies of
	        the Source Code of the Work, this Distribution or Communication will be
	        done under the terms and conditions of this Licence or of a later version
	        of this Licence. However, otherwise licensed works and their parts remain
	        untouched.
	        
	        If the Licence is a numbered version, it is always required to apply
	        "or any later" in the Work (see the example in the Preamble), including
	        but not limited to the Source Code.
	        
	        If the Work specifies that a certain numbered version of this Licence
	        "or any later" applies to it, the Licensee have the option of following
	        the terms and conditions either of that numbered version or of any later
	        versions of the Licence published by the Ishikawa Collective.
	        
	        If the Work does not specify a version number of this Licence, the
	        Licensee may choose any version ever published by the Ishikawa Collective.
	        
	        If the Work specifies that a proxy can decide which future versions of
	        this Licence can be used, that proxy's public statement of acceptance of
	        a version permanently authorizes the Licensee to choose that version for
	        the Work.
	        
	        If the Licensee switch this Licence to a higher version or updated
	        version, they are not allowed to change back to a lower version of this
	        Licence. For more see Article 9, Paragraph B.
	        
	        The Licensee (becoming Licensor) cannot offer or impose any additional
	        terms or conditions on the Work or Derivative Work that alter or restrict
	        the terms of the Licence.
				
	iii.    Compatibility clause: If the Licensee distributes or communicates
	        Derivative Works or copies thereof based upon both the Work and another
	        work licensed under a Compatible Licence, this Distribution or
	        Communication can be done under the terms of this Compatible Licence.
	        
	        This Licence allows code of different licences to coexist. Should the
	        Licensee's obligations under the Compatible Licence conflict with their
	        obligations under this Licence, the obligations of the Compatible Licence
	        shall prevail.
	        
	        The Licensee is then fully responsible for the compatibility of different
	        licences side by side, except its not their fault. They must ensure that
	        there are no conflicts between those licences.
				
	iv.     Provision of Source Code: When distributing or communicating copies of
	        the Work, the Licensee will provide a machine-readable copy of the Source
	        Code or indicate a repository where this Source will be easily and freely
	        available for as long as the Licensee continues to distribute or
	        communicate the Work. Exceptions are made in Article 6.
				
	v.      Legal protection: This Licence does not grant permission to use the trade
	        names, trademarks, service marks, or names of the Licensor, except as
	        required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the
	        Work and reproducing the content of the copyright notice.
		        
	vi.     Obligatory transfer: The Licensee becomes a Licensor when they
	        distributes or communicates copies of the Work. If the Licensee only
	        distributes or communicates the Executable Code of the Work and withhold
	        the corresponding Source Code, this do not apply and the following
	        applies:
	        
	        If the Work is provided as Executable Code (commercially), the Licensee
	        provides in addition, along with each copy of the Work that the Licensee
	        distributes or indicates, a notice following the copyright notice
	        attached to the Work, a repository where the Source Code of the Original
	        Work is easily and freely accessible, if any, for as long as the Licensee
	        continues to distribute or communicate the Work. This can also be done in
	        the documentation.

5. Chain of Authorship
	A.	The original Licensor warrants that the copyright in the Original Work
		granted hereunder is owned by they or licensed to they and they has the power
		and authority to grant the Licence.
		
	B.	Each Contributor warrants that the copyright in the modifications they brings
		to the Work are owned by they or licensed to they and that they has the power
		and authority to grant the Licence.
		
	C.	Each time You accept this Licence, the original Licensor and subsequent
		Contributors grant You a licence to their contributions to the Work, under
		the terms of this Licence.

6. Rights and Obligations by Service Provisioning
	A.	Any form of Serving the Executable Code may be permitted under its own
		licence, but only with its own trademarks, trade names and brand names,
		service marks and similar.
		
		Serving under an own licence or propritary licence is only permitted, if the
		Executable Code contains, in comparison to the Original Work, additional
		innovative and independent development, functionality and Modifications.
		However, it is never permitted to put the Source Code under a licence, which
		is different to this Licence, except higher versions of this Licence.
		
	B.	If other parties also use the Work or parts of the Work, which Source Code is
		public and freely accessible, they tacitly grant each other their rights
		granted with the Licence to these parts and/or works, without interfering
		with each other.
		
	C.	The Licensor and the Licensee takes responsibility about all Bugs and defects
		through their Modifications, if they states the Work as a finished Work or
		product, otherwise not.
		
	D.	Neither the name of the copyright holder or the name of the Licensor or the
		names of its Contributors may be used to endorse or promote products from
		Derivated Work without specific prior written permission.
	
	E.	In the countries where moral rights apply, the Licensor waives they right to
		exercise his moral right to the extent allowed by law in order to make
		effective the Licence of the economic rights listed in Article 2.
	
	F.	While distributing the Work, You may choose to conclude an additional
		agreement, defining obligations or services consistent with this Licence.
		However, if accepting obligations, You may act only on your own behalf and
		on your sole responsibility, not on behalf of the original Licensor or any
		other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each
		Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted
		against such Contributor by the fact You have accepted any warranty or
		additional liability.
		
		Without prejudice the above Paragraph, the Licence represents the complete
		agreement between the parties as to the Work.
		
	G.	In case of any Distribution or Communications of the Work by means of
		electronic communication by You (for example by offering to download the Work
		from a remote location) the distribution channel or media (for example a
		website) must at least provide to the public the information requested by the
		applicable law regarding the Licensor, the Licence and the way it may be
		accessible, concluded, stored and reproduced by the Licensee.

7. Termination
	A.	Upon any breach, by the Licensee of the terms of the Licence, the Licensee
		immediately must disclose the Source Code of the related Work easily and
		freely accessible in a public repository under this Licence, even if they
		Serving the Executable Code and/or withhold the corresponding Source Code.
		However, the Licensee can continue to use the Executable Code of the Work as
		usual.
		
	B.	If the Licensee, of the commercially used Executable Code, do not follow the
		above Paragraph and do not make the related Source Code easily and freely
		accessible in a public repository under this Licence, they must instead give
		30 % of their total revenue generated by the Service Provisioning of the
		related Work, which was subject to this Licence, to the authors of the
		Original Work, also every time they breach the terms and conditions of this
		Licence again.
		
		If the Licensee, of the non-commercially used Executable Code, do not follow
		the above Paragraph and do not make the related Source Code easily and freely
		accessible in a public repository under this Licence, they must instead give
		10 % of their total annual income to the authors of the Original Work, also
		every time they breach the terms and conditions of this Licence again.
		
	C.	Breaches or terminations will not terminate or breach the licenses of any
		person who has received the Work under this Licence, provided such persons
		remain in full compliance with the Licence.
		
		In principle, third party licenses and third party (licensed) works or parts
		of third party (licensed) works are not affected by a termination or breach
		through this Licence and can be further used.

8. Disclaimers; No Warranties
	A.	Disclaimer of Warranty: THE WORK IS A WORK IN PROGRESS, WHICH IS CONTINOUSLY
		IMPROVED BY NUMEROUS CONTRIBUTORS. IT IS NOT A FINISHED WORK AND MAY
		THEREFORE CONTAIN DEFECTS OR BUGS INHERENT TO THIS TYPE OF DEVELOPMENT.
		
		FOR THE ABOVE REASON, THE WORK IS PROVIDED UNDER THE LICENCE ON AN "AS IS"
		BASIS AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE WORK, INCLUDING
		WITHOUT LIMITATION MECHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ABSENCE
		OF DEFECTS OR ERRORS, ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
		RIGHTS OTHER THAN COPYRIGHT AS STARTED IN ARTICLE 5 OF THIS LICENCE.
		
		THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY IS AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THE LICENCE AND A
		CONDITION FOR THE GRANT OF ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK.
		
	B.	Disclaimer of Liability: EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF WILFUL MISCONDUCT OR DAMAGES
		DIRECTLY CAUSED TO NATURAL PERSONS, THE LICENSOR WILL IN NO EVENT BE LIABLE
		FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, MATERIAL OR MORAL, DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, ARISING
		OUT OF THE LICENCE, IN CONNECTION WITH THE WORK, OF THE USE OF THE WORK OR
		OTHER DEALINGS IN THE WORK, INLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
		GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTERFAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, LOS OF DATA OR ANY
		COMMERCIAL DAMAGE, EVEN IF THE LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
		OF SUCH DAMAGE AND/OR POINTED OUT TO SUCH POSSIBILITIES.
		
		However, the Licensor will be liable under statutory product liability laws
		as far such laws apply to the Work.
		
	C.	Disclaimer of Incompatibility: LEGAL CLAIMS ARASING FROM THE INCOMPATIBILITY
		OF ONE OR MORE THIRD PARTY LICENCES MUST BE ADRESSED TO THE RESPONSIBLE
		PERSON AND/OR PARTY.
		
	D.	Disclaimer of Publication: IF THE SOURCE CODE OF THE WORK MADE be FREELY AND
		PUBLIC ACCESSIBLE, EVEN WITHOUT THE FAULT OF THE LICENSOR AND/OR AGAINST THE
		WILL OF THE LICENSOR, THE SPECIFIC VERSION OF THE WORKS RELATED SOURCE CODE
		REMAINS, WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS UNDER THIS LICENCE, FREE AND PUBLIC
		ACCESSIBLE.
		
		A termination of the Licence will not take place as a result in such a case,
		as the Licensor remaines without fault.
		
	E.	Disclaimer of Interpretation: NOTHING IN THIS LICENCE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AS
		EXCLUDING OR LIMITING ANY IMPLIED LICENCE OR OTHER DEFENSES TO INFRINGEMENT
		THAT MAY OTHERWISE BE AVAILABLE UNDER APPLICABLE PATENT LAW.
		
	F.	Disclaimer of Deprivation: NOTHING IN THIS LICENCE IS INTENDED TO DEPRIVE THE
		LICENSEE OF THE BENEFITS FROM ANY EXCEPTION OR LIMITATION TO THE EXCLUSIVE
		RIGHTS OF THE RIGHTS OWNERS IN THE WORK, OF THE EXHAUSTION OF THOSE RIGHTS OR
		OF OTHER APPLICABLE LIMITATIONS THERETO.

9. Miscellaneous
	A.	The provisions and terms and conditions of the Licence are automaticly
		accepted by adding the Licence to the Work, in accordance with the rules of
		applicable law. In case of non-acceptance You should then not using the
		Licence in Your works. Similarly, You irrevocably accept the Licence and all
		of its terms and conditions by exercising any rights granted to You by
		Article 2 of this Licence, such as the use of the Work, the creation by You
		of a Derivative Work or the Distribution or Communication by You of the Work
		or copies thereof.
		
	B.	The Ishikawa Collective may publish other linguistic versions or new versions
		of this Licence or updated versions, so far this is required and reasonable.
		Changes can be made anytime and without announcement. New versions of the
		Licence will be published with a unique version number. All linguistic
		versions of this Licence, approved by the Ishikawa Collective, have identical
		value. Parties can take advantage of the linguistic version of their choice.
		Later licence versions may give the Licensee additional or different
		permissions and/or terms.
		
	C.	Without prejudice to specific agreement between parties any litigation
		between other parties and resulting from the interpretation of this Licence
		will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent court where
		the Licensor resides or conducts its primary business.
		
	D.	Any granted right cannot be used to render the freely and public accessibale
		Work and its corresponding Source Code non-free, non-public or
		non-accessible.
		
	E.	Serverability: If any provision of the Licence is invalid or unenforceable
		under applicable law this will not affect the validity or enforceability of
		the Licence as a whole. Such provisions will be construed or reformed so as
		necessary to make it valid and enforceable.
